[deckhouse] docs about release pinning (#1058)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/020-deckhouse/docs/README.md

#### Manual release deployment
If you have a [manual update mode](usage.html#manual-update-confirmation) enabled and have a few Pending releases,
you can approve them all at once. In that case Deckhouse will update in series keeping a release order and changing their status during the update.

#### Pin a release
Release pinning could be necessary if you want to hold a Deckhouse update for some reason.

There are 3 options to pin a release:

> - Set a [manual update mode](usage.html#manual-update-confirmation).

Reviewer: This link doesn't exist: https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/deckhouse-pin-image/modules/020-deckhouse/docs/usage.html#manual-update-confirmation
Is it ok?

Author: Yes, It will work only on the site. These anchors become actual only after web site building

> In this case, you will hold a current release but patch-release will be still applied. Minor-release will not be changed without your approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you will hold a current release but patch-release will still be applied. Minor-release will not be changed without your approval.
```

  Example:
    The current release is `v1.29.3`, after setting a manual update mode Deckhouse will be able to update to version `v1.29.9` but won't be able to apply version `v1.30.0`.

- Set a specified image tag for deployment/deckhouse. 
In this case, you will hold a Deckhouse version until a new release will come.

> You may need this in a situation when some Deckhouse release has an error that was not occurred earlier. You want to rollback to the previous release but update as soon as a new release with hotfix will come.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need this in a situation when some Deckhouse release has an error that hasn't occurred earlier and you want to roll back to the previous release but update as soon as a new release with a patch will come.
```

  Example:
    `kubectl -n d8-system set image deployment/deckhouse deckhouse=registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/fe:v1.30.5`

> - Set a specified image tag for deployment/deckhouse and remove `releaseChannel` from deckhouse ConfigMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set a specified image tag for deployment/deckhouse and remove `releaseChannel` from deckhouse ConfigMap.
```
